Apple Intelligence in 5 minutes.
It's personal intelligence right where you need it, on your
Mac, iPad, and iPhone.
Writing tools are an example of the incredible power of
Apple Intelligence.
Say you're writing an email.
You can change the tone to make it sound more
friendly, professional, or concise.
Another way writing tools can help you is with Proofread.
With proofread, you can nail the grammar, word choice, and
sentence structure.
And if you've rambled on in your email, bring out
the key points and add them as a TLDR.
Apple Intelligence is also great when it comes to images.
Let's jump in with Genmoji.
You want a T Rex on a surfboard? You've got
a T Rex on a surfboard.
Simply type a description of the emoji you want. How
about a smiley face with cucumber eyes or something random
like a squirrel DJ? And because Apple Intelligence knows who's
in your photo library, you can turn your friend V
into an astronaut.
Next up, Image Playground.
Create awesome images in seconds,
like an image of a cat as a chef.
Just type rooftop and any other descriptive words, and it
generates the image in the middle playground area.
Then choose a style like animation,
sketch,
or illustration.
And it's done.
Apple Intelligence also understands who people are in your photo
library.
So you can create a personalized image of them for
their birthday.
Or your mom is a superhero.
Image 1 can transform your rough sketch into a polished
image.
You can use Apple Pencil to circle it, and Image
1 analyzes your sketch in words and creates an image
for you like magic.
Siri takes a huge step forward and is now supercharged
by Apple Intelligence.
And when you talk to Siri, you'll notice this elegant
glowing light around the edge of your screen that shows
Apple Intelligence working for you.
With natural language, you can speak to Siri more naturally,
thanks to richer language understanding capabilities.
So if you stumble over words, Siri still understands what
you're getting at. What's the weather tomorrow morning at Muir
Beach? I mean, Muir Woods.
The forecast is calling for clear skies in the morning
near Muir Woods National Monument.
Siri also remembers what you've just been talking about.
Create an event for a hike there tomorrow at 9
AM.
Hike is scheduled for 9 AM to 11 AM on
June 11th.
Next, personal contact draws from your photos, calendar events, messages,
and other apps.
So let's say your mom is coming to visit.
Simply ask. Siri,
when is mom's flight landing? And Siri already knows who
mom is and will cross reference flight details from an
email to give you an up to date arrival time.
And if you've forgotten what plans you have, you can
say. What's our dinner plan? And Siri knows you mean
you and your mom and will find that information in
a text she sent you.
And if you don't wanna ask Siri out loud, you
can now type to Siri.
Just a double tap at the bottom of the screen,
and you can quickly and quietly type your Siri request.
Because Apple Intelligence is personal, priority notifications
show what's important to you by putting the most important
understands
who's
in
your
photo
library, so It understands who's in your photo library, so
you can just ask photos to create a movie about
Leo learning to fish.
And it'll whip up a film starring Leo,
water,
fishing rods,
and depending on how successful Leo was,
a fish.
So those are just a few of the ways Apple
Intelligence can help you every day.
It's super easy to use and gives you peace of
mind knowing it's designed with privacy from the ground up.
So that's Apple Intelligence,
AI for the rest of us.